NEPT-2868: Implement CCK version 2. (#2926)
ec-europa/platform-dev: profiles/common/modules/custom/nexteuropa_cookie_consent_kit/README.md

CONFIGURATION
-------------
* Go to the _admin/config/services/webtools_ page to enable/disable and configure the banner.

> * In case you would like to have the "Cookie Consent Kit" for 3rd party videos

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In case you would like to have the "Cookie Consent Kit" for 3rd party video
```

> providers (YouTube, Vimeo and Dailymotion), you also need to enable the cookie 
> videos.

Reviewer: This is a bit confusing: If I understand correctly it's the banner they need to enable? So perhaps this:
```suggestion
providers (YouTube, Vimeo and Dailymotion), you also need to enable the video 
cookie banner.
```

TROUBLESHOOTING
----------------
* For non ec.europa.eu domains, after activating the banner in the administration interface, if the CCK banner 
does not appear or does not block the third party cookies.<br />

> Please make sure that you setup the policy url.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please make sure that you set up the policy url.
```

DEVELOPERS
----------

> * Non ec.europa.eu domains, should setup a policy url and can add appendix to the bannder. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Non ec.europa.eu domains, should set up a policy url and can add an appendix to the banner. 
```

For more information see the configuration page of the module.

> * By default, the Cookie consent banner are not inserted in the pages related to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* By default, the Cookie consent banner is not inserted in the pages related to:
```
